good kemell a from the table a little
bit let's see you told us in what do you
do you yeah because you know stand is
coming so you you've got to feed them
for the sit and sometimes mix it up
sometimes sit stand sit stand free and
then sit free then you know mix it up
nice okay don't bring your hands to load
this time easily he's offering before
your hand even goes down which is what
we want okay yeah that's actually not a
bad thing but we need to put it on a cue
good little left hand this time okay but
feed him for this it beat him for the
sit good now for young excellent going
right away getting the muscle memory go
and lose it
[Music]
I don't know if you realize that every
time your time you sit you're leaning
forward and stepping forward and that's
why he's backing out so try to draw your
hands like up and towards you to give
them quick cool clothes okay
okay do me a favor
we're gonna trick them a little bit put
food in this hand food in the other hand
- okay with your left hand I want you to
guide them into a sit okay well your
other hand is gonna go pendant well he's
sitting your other hands gonna go
underneath his his mouth not right
underneath Oh kind of where it's going
now for the stand okay watch it
Goomer just sit sit sit okay pull your
other hand I need this map Sophie don't
know
I want you feed them with the left for
the sit your other hand I just wanted to
go into in that stationary position feed
them feed now now don't lose leave no
leave it there is a stand wait wait
don't move it don't move it ready I
didn't I didn't want it to go underneath
I were trying to get rid of the hand
movement because ik already understands
what we're doing we just have to get rid
of the body help
yep and then that hand kind of goes
underneath them that way you stands and
your hand is all right there without the
physical q yes okay if you don't release
it he's he was in a sit so next time
he's gonna sit just till you say sit and
feed him that's damn you're getting it
it's not easy all right there that's
what I wanted see your hand in a move
you didn't see your hand move he did it
on command
ah you should throw him a party for that
it's like the second time he did it on a
verbal